25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Two seats were vacant.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
We need to rent a room for our party.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
She was too short to see over the fence.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
We should play with legos at camp.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Not all people who wander are lost.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
Just go ahead and press that button.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
She did her best to help him.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Greetings from the real universe.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.